Adding stylelint documentation (#426)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/coding-standards/_index.md

HTML, CSS (Sass), Twig and Smarty files MUST follow the [Mark Otto's coding standards](http://codeguide.co/).
Mark is the creator of the [Bootstrap framework](https://getbootstrap.com/).

> To help developers to comply with these conventions, [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) has been configured in the PrestaShop project. You can find the configuration file [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/stylelint-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help developers to comply with these conventions, [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/), a stylesheet linter, has been configured in the PrestaShop project. You can find the configuration file [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/stylelint-config).
```

> The prestashop specific configuration file can be found [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/stylelint-config).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PrestaShop configuration can be found [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/stylelint-config).
```

> Same as if you want to [compile assets][compile-assets], you need NodeJS and NPM to run it using the following command :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same as if you want to [compile assets][compile-assets], you need NodeJS and NPM to run it using the following command:
```

> You can run the linter like this:

Reviewer 3: Now that I think of it, we must think about _when_ this has become available.

```suggestion
Starting on {{< minver v="1.7.8" >}}, you can run the linter like this:
```

```bash
npm run scss-lint
```

If you want to use the autofix functionality, run this command:

```bash
npm run scss-fix
```

> 

Reviewer 3: To help developers to comply with these conventions, [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/) has been configured in the PrestaShop project. You can find the configuration file [here](https://github.com/PrestaShop/stylelint-config).
    
    {{% notice note %}}
    Same as if you want to [compile assets]({{< ref "/1.7/development/compile-assets/_index.md" >}}), you need NodeJS and NPM to run Stylelint.
    {{% /notice  %}}
    
    You can run the linter like this:
    
    ```bash
    npm run scss-lint
    ```
    
    You can fix errors using this command:
    
    ```bash
    npm run scss-fix
    ```

> If you want to use the stylelint's autofix functionality, you can use the following command :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use the autofix functionality, run this command:
```

> You can fix errors using this command:

Reviewer: That fix all errors or just these which are fixable ?

Author: ```suggestion
You can fix auto-fixable errors using this command:
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: :ok_hand:

 * @license   https://opensource.org/licenses/AFL-3.0  Academic Free License (AFL 3.0)
 * International Registered Trademark & Property of PrestaShop SA
 */
```

> [compile-assets]: {{< ref "/1.7/development/compile-assets/_index.md" >}}

Reviewer 3: Note that you can't use footnotes links inside notices, so if you accept my previous suggestion you will have to delete this.

```suggestion
```
